Hey welcome back.
And this is just a quick video talking about some other different types of app references that you might
want to consider.
There is folders and files that we've had a look at.
There is also codebase which we use your entire codebase.
We've had a look at docs.
You could also use git repositories or the web, and the web could be used for finding customer API
documentation.
Or you could say, you know, like you know what?
What has happened, what has happened recently within a chain, right?
So you could even ask a generic web query.
But the important thing is that cursor will actually make a query.
It will visit those web pages, it will read those web pages.
And then you can see it's actually providing a more detailed response.
So you can use this for both web based search.
But you can also use this for pulling in custom documentation.
So you could provide web links.
And then it could be able to read those web links.
Let's give that a test right now.
So I've got at web and then I've got an article here.
So you can see this.
So you can add in an article and say what is happening in this article.
So it talks about blundering and games startup failures.
So obviously this is the full article.
Other things you could do is pull in custom documentation.
If there's a specific couple of web pages that you're going to need within your projects to help make
sure that you've got the right documentation, you could include these via web or app links references.
The important thing here is that might be more accurate than, for example, always indexing the entire
documentation because you can say these specific files make sure to include these.
All right.
Cool.
The next one.